We created Blogger to give you an easy way to share your thoughts — about current events, what's going on in your life, or anything else you'd care to discuss — with the world. We've developed a host of features to make blogging as simple and effective as possible.

                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                             
What's a blog?

A blog is a personal diary. A daily pulpit. A collaborative space. A political soapbox. A breaking-news outlet. A collection of links. Your own private thoughts. Memos to the world.

Your blog is whatever you want it to be. There are millions of them, in all shapes and sizes, and there are no real rules.

In simple terms, a blog is a website, where you write stuff on an ongoing basis. New stuff shows up at the top, so your visitors can read what's new. Then they comment on it or link to it or email you. Or not.




Publish your thoughts

A blog gives you your own voice on the web. It is a place to collect and share things that you find interesting – whether it is your political commentary, a personal diary or links to websites that you want to remember.

Many people use a blog just to organise their own thoughts, while others command influential, worldwide audiences of thousands. Professional and amateur journalists use blogs to publish breaking news, while personal journalers reveal inner thoughts.

Whatever you have to say, Blogger can help you say it.


engage your friends



Engage your friends

Blogging is about more than just putting your thoughts on the web. It's about connecting with and hearing from anyone who reads your work. With Blogger, you control who can read and write to your blog – let just a few friends or the entire world see what you have to say!

Blogger Comments let anyone, anywhere, offer feedback on your posts. You can choose whether you want to allow comments on a post-by-post basis and you can delete comments that you don't like.

Access Controls let you decide who can read and who can write to your blog. 




Design your blog

Whether you are starting your blog or just think that it is time to give your existing blog a facelift, Blogger's user-friendly editing tools help you easily design a great-looking page.



Photos

You’re never more than a click away from sharing your favourite photo. Simply click the photo icon to upload a photo from your computer. If the photo that you'd like to put on your blog is already on the web, that's fine too. Simply paste the URL and we’ll put the image in your post.